Sorry! Someone get it!
Inarizaki Karasuno
I'm always amazed you can pull off that set.
You could just go underhand.
Well, it's a setter's job to set.
I have to set the ball to the best spot.
And?
Underhanded, it would've been two arms.
But overhanded, I've got ten fingers.
I went with the higher number for better support.
Because I'm a setter!
I'm on a team with someone who plays volleyball like that.
And yet I've been playing so half-assed.
We don't need a guy who just gets the serve over the net on our team.
I thought I'd never get a chance again.
Even the best team in the world would lose if they kept doing the same thing.
We haven't even become best in Japan yet.
If we keep holding onto yesterday, what are we going to be tomorrow?
You only need one thing.
Challenge yourself today.
We don't need the memories
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu
Haikyuu !
!
Haikyuu
We're not gonna quit now, we're not stopping here, we're not giving up
We're in the direst of straits We understand all that
But we're not quitting now, we're not stopping, we're not giving up
'Cause if we give up now It'll all be over
If we don't step up to the challenge, we'll never get a taste
Of the most exhilarating time of our lives
There's always been something we've lacked, something missing
Haven't you also hungered for it?
So we'll be coming at them fair and square
We're gonna play out this reality, all the sweet and all the sour
We wanna come straight at you with the greatest of finesse
We're torn toward that delight because that seems like the most fun
So there's no way we're giving up now
Not until we've tasted it all and are left grinning
So let's start smiling
Inarizaki Karasuno Episode Twenty-two: Pitons
Episode Twenty-two: Pitons Episode Twenty-two: Pitons
Give us a good serve!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Challenge...
yourself today.
Nice serve, Heisuke! Go, go, Heisuke! Do it again!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Unlike his stint in the second set, Riseki Heisuke lets loose a tremendous serve!
Yes! Yes!
Attaboy!
His serve is manageable. Let's stop him at one.
Karasuno High School's Coach Ukai is trying to cut things off quickly.
Yes, sir!
So basically everyone in Inarizaki's cheer squad is like that one old guy with the muttonchops.
He'll cheer for plays he thinks were good and boo the bad ones.
After a timeout, it's Riseki's turn to serve again.
Can he keep up his concentration?
Ryuu!
It's long!
That serve threw them off, and then Ojiro Aran just spiked it straight back at them!
That was intense!
Yes!
Yeah!
Nice spike, Aran! Push it, push it, Aran! Do it again!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Inarizaki Karasuno
And instantly, Inarizaki is right on Karasuno's tail.
Don't panic, guys... Don't worry. It'll be okay.
Inarizaki Karasuno
Hey, nice job!
I'll get three points next time!
At least say you'll get ten. How serious are you?
A hundred percent.
Dang. He's really comin' for them.
Give us a good serve!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Kageyama!
Left!
Tanaka!
Their number five on the left has an insane cut shot.
But...
you ain't got much more, do you?
You're just a weaker version of Bokuto.
He stopped it!
Tanaka Ryuunosuke's been on a roll since the end of the first set, but he was just stopped in his tracks!
Looks like third-year Omimi just shut down the spike location that kept getting by them.
Inarizaki Karasuno
Inarizaki didn't just catch up. They managed to turn things around and take the lead!
Inarizaki just scored their 13th point, which marks the halfway point, so the teams will now switch sides.
Faculty Office Faculty Office
It seems like first-year Riseki's serve turbocharged Inarizaki.
Of course, confident serves like that are powerful,
but they also put pressure on their opponents, while giving their own team a boost of encouragement.
It's pretty hard to get them right, though.
Will Karasuno High School be able to stop Inarizaki's momentum?
Inarizaki is still showing some instability.
They're all individually powerful,
but sometimes their teamwork is off, and their aggressiveness can backfire on them.
But they're called the Ultimate Challengers because they can also make all this work in their favor.
Number three.
I know.
The fact that they're ranked second in the country is proof of that.
It's gonna get rough if you let them keep going.
Who the hell cares about being ranked second in Japan?
Second? Or was it third?
It doesn't really matter, really.
That was yesterday.
Get it!
Yesterday's already gone.
Kageyama, finish it off!
Right! Right!
Plenty of yesterdays have already been converted into muscle.
That was a difficult shot, but Kageyama managed to get it back over, aiming right for their setter, Miya Atsumu!
Osamu!
But Inarizaki has...
Miya Osamu!
Will he set to their number two in the middle, or to their ace on the left?
What are we... ...going to do... ...today?
The twins' minus tempo fast attack... reverse!
Wh-What was that?
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Unbelievable!
That was a set from the spiker Miya Osamu to the setter Miya Atsumu!
They just dealt a minus tempo fast attack!
The Miya Twins are a terrifying duo!
If we keep holding onto yesterday,
We don't need the memories
what are we going to be tomorrow?
What the hell? Damn it!
Hell yeah!
But it was too low and a bit short.
Stop being picky! I'm not a setter!
I think we might actually be able to pull off a Sky Love Hurricane now!
Sure, you get to be the bottom.
Huh?! You're the bottom, you dimwit!
That was a fluke. Don't let it get to you.
Right!
That may've been a fluke, but there's no denying that they're panicking.
Yeah.
That must feel awful.
Not only did the tables turn on them, they then faced an unpredictable attack, so they must be panicked.
I'm sure they'd like to alter the momentum of the match.
At times like this, you'd feel so much better if you could get an epic one in.
That'd also get your team's motivation up.
We know you're gonna do all you can to land that spike,
and we're gonna do all we can...
to stop it.
Shut down!
They managed to stop the ace, Azumane!
It seems like the orange guys... Inarizaki Karasuno
might actually lose at this rate.
I put too much strength into it!
Sorry!
Guess he touched the net.
Lame.
Shut your mouth!
That's pretty lucky for them,
but the side that took a mental beating is Karasuno.
We got lucky, and now we can catch up!
Right!
Damn it...
I'd been able to ignore Inarizaki's cheer squad, but now they're getting to me again.
Get out there, Shouyou!
Yeah!
And now, Karasuno's bringing middle blocker Hinata up to the front row.
He's an excellent scorer and one of the best decoys out there,
Hinata...
so they'll hoping to score back-to-back points.
Hinata, do something.
Anything!
Asahi!
It's up! Keep it going!
Tanaka!
Inarizaki lost control of the ball...
but Ojiro Aran put everything he had into that one!
Tanaka!
Up front!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Inarizaki's blockers are also upping their game.
Kageyama...
I'm gonna swallow my pride and ask you to do this.
Hinata!
All right!
Nice spike!
And now, Kageyama's up to serve.
You can do this, Kageyama!
Karasuno will probably want to score repeatedly here.
Their number nine has a powerful serve.
In the front row, they've got three attackers, including number ten.
Kageyama, go for it!
This is the most annoying rotation.
Time to score!
It's because this rotation's so annoying...
that we won't let them score here!
Nice receive!
It's long!
A dump!
I'm gonna stop him!
Yes!
Wh-Why are they getting a point?!
That was a reach over.
What?
Hinata and Tanaka probably thought they blocked Miya Atsumu's dump,
but Miya Atsumu was actually trying to set.
They're not allowed to touch the ball when it's still in the opponent's court.
You baited him into doing that.
The ones who dominate the net aren't the big guys or the middle blockers.
It's the ones who reign over this territory: the setters.
Inarizaki Karasuno Inarizaki Karasuno
Inarizaki Inarizaki Inarizaki
Inarizaki Inarizaki
And now, the rotation brings back Inarizaki's most powerful server, Miya Atsumu.
Will Karasuno be able to survive?
Whoa! That ball went right back over to Inarizaki's court!
Damn it.
Nice receive!
Karasuno survives a little longer!
The orange guys just seem to be barely hanging on now.
Yeah...
Kick some ass out there, Tsukishima!
Damn it.
Now their setter's in the back, meaning the twins' fast attack is probably on the menu again.
Keep your blocking game up!
That receive is going right to the setter. Who's Miya Atsumu going to use?
It comes from the left with Ginjima!
Yes!
But Karasuno's wall, Tsukishima, isn't gonna let that happen!
Go again!
Got it!
Osamu!
Miya Atsumu skips the pass and sets the ball!
That's insane, Tsumu.
Tsukishima's on point.
The ball's waiting for Miya Osamu!
What?!
Miya Osamu sets the ball that was set to him!
Karasuno's blockers totally fell for that one!
Damn it... And coming from the back...
is Ojiro Aran!
Every once in a while,
in a period of time that feels long and filled with exhaustion,
you might see something like this, though only very rarely.
Just thinking about it gets your heart racing,
and you can feel your confidence coming back.
During a long, strenuous climb to the top of the mountain, it serves as the foothold that you desperately needed.
It's not a miracle.
Maybe it happens one out of a hundred times, or even one out of a thousand,
but it's the one you went to reach and managed to grab.
By grabbing and connecting these rare moments,
you're able to keep climbing higher and higher.
I never thought the day would come where I'd say this to you.
Nice receive!
I'm going on ahead.
Don't panic too much.
Also, don't go underestimating what it takes to be a ball boy.
Without that setter, Kageyama,
I can't say that I sense any worth in you.
"To go a distance we must first traverse the space that is near."
What are you even doing?
Haikyuu!!
The set's a bit low.
He's struggling with his approach.
A straight spike's not being blocked.
Despite their libero not being present, their middle blocker Hinata Shouyou managed to get that powerful attack up!
Faculty Office Faculty Office
What a nice receive!
A fluke?
I mean, I guess you could call it that,
but they can't all be flukes.
I mean... Wait, what exactly is a fluke?
There was concentrated intent behind his actions.
The moment he made contact with the ball,
he used his whole body to kill the ball's velocity, then sent it up high, gently spinning.
It's per—
No, I'm not gonna say it! I'm not gonna say it yet!
Counterattack!
Go! Let's score!
Full-team synchronized attack!
It may be a single point, but it's one that we can't let them get!
It's gonna turn the match in a direction we don't want!
Stop them!
Get it!
Three blockers!
Nice wipe!
He's so fast! What's with him?!
Kageyama!
Nice spike!
It's still in the air!
Can Inarizaki send it back over?
They can!
Back up! Back up!
Let's go!
Go again!
You've gotta be kidding me!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Yeah!
It wasn't back-to-back points.
It wasn't even a point that gives us the match point.
But even then,
that point was more than enough to shatter their spirits.
Once that happens, their bodies suddenly remember all the exhaustion that's been piling up.
Sir.
Inarizaki Karasuno
That was an amazing rally where neither side wanted to give up,
but it appears as though the goddess of victory is still smiling upon Inarizaki!
It was just barely, but having those two huge attacks come back at them must've hurt.
That was so close.
Yeah.
I don't want to lose.
We can't lose.
I'm not gonna let it end like this!
We're not—
Did you see that?!
My receive was sick!
Nope.
You lie!
Just so you know, I heard you say, "Nice receive!"
Now, just watch me get the next one!
It hurts.
I just want to stop.
This is when you get over those feelings and take that first step.
It's like he's havin' a good meal.
Seriously, what the hell?
Why do you keep thinking about food this match?
It's like when you eat too much barbecue, feel sick, swear you won't eat any for a while,
but then you want some the very next day.
Actually, I prefer to have curry or sushi after barbecue.
Despite eating multiple times a day, you instantly get hungry.
And every time you eat, you feel happy.
And no matter how many times you experience it, that feeling of happiness never goes away.
I guess you do always look like you're super happy to be alive when you eat.
Even if you're eating cold rice balls or soggy ramen.
That's what's going on with him, though.
He's playing volleyball like I eat my food.
Tsumu, did you know?
If you have a bite when you're starving,
you just get hungrier.
Yeah, I get it.
When you see someone enjoyin' their food so much...
everyone else gets hungry too.
The only thing I'm sure of is that the day will come when I finally get it
It doesn't matter if I make some mistakes along the way as long as I hold onto these feelings
In my dreams I wanted to throw off the yoke of gravity and reality
But the day in day out of bringing it all together had me grounded
The boy who acted all tough like he wasn't scared of anything
Still hasn't been torn away from the sweat of fierce competition
But he's not just hoping for miracles anymore
We can go anywhere we want to because one day our dream will come true
It was no mere coincidence that we made it this far
Every time we're forced from the stage I always wanna get right back on it
And I can hold onto that strong desire because you were there
Episode Twenty-three: The Birth of the Serene King
Next time: "The Birth of the Serene King."